Data types: Adding codebyte for data-type.md (#4258)
Codecademy/docs: content/javascript/concepts/data-types/data-types.md

> **Note:** The `null` type cannot be tested with `typeof` like all the other primitive types because it will return `"object"`. This must be tested with the type equality operator (i.e., `=== null`).

## Number and BigInt  

> In JavaScript, numbers are always stored as double-precision floating point numbers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

In JavaScript, numbers are always stored as double-precision floating point numbers.
```

```shell
10000000000000000
9999999999999999n
```  

> The integer precision for the `Number` type is `15 digits`. You can see for yourself. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The integer precision for the `Number` type is `15 digits`. The following example is runnable: 
```

let message = 'You are doing great! Keep studying!';
```

> To find the length of the string, the built-in `length` property is used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To find the length of the string, the built-in `length` property is used. Run the following example to get a better idea:
```

let isTheEarthFlat = false;
```

> To convert a non-boolean value into a boolean, the `Boolean` function or double not `!!` is used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To convert a non-boolean value into a boolean, the `Boolean` function or double not `!!` is used. Run the following code block to see how `Boolean()` works:
```

```codebyte/javascript

> let value = Boolean('Harry'); 
> console.log(value); // returns true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
let value = Boolean('Harry'); 
console.log(value);
```

  isActive: true,
};
```

> Alternately, an empty `object` can be initialised and then the properties added to the object.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alternately, an empty `object` can be initialized and the properties added to the object. Run the code below to see it in action:
```
